hey guys it's Lydia aka fun-sized and I
am super excited to be giving you guys
this tutorial I'm gonna be teaching you
how to do a back handspring a monster
gonna teach you how to do a roundoff
into a back handspring but that's
actually really easy the main thing that
you may be lacking and not being able to
do it would be your confidence lack of
fair of what you get the point though
right all right good let's get started
obviously there are things you're gonna
need before you actually just go and
throw a back handspring some people can
go and just throw a back handspring I
was on one of those people
you have no idea hardest thing when you
go backwards make sure you sit back like
you're about to sit in a chair and I
know it's scary but that backward
momentum is gonna make you go backwards
and it's gonna make it a lot easier to
go backwards you need to do the skill
downhill I mean by all means that's not
cheating you're teaching yourself
so do it downhill until you feel
comfortable and then try it on flat
ground okay so when you go back make
sure you're not throwing your head back
make sure it doesn't look like this for
instance I mean that's just ugly and the
problem with that was I was not sitting
back far enough if you do not sit back
far enough you're gonna look like that
and it's gonna be really ugly
we don't want ugly skills next when you
go backwards try and point your toes and
squeeze all of your muscles it's really
hard for me to squeeze my muscles
personally when I'm doing a skill cuz
I'm focused on not landing on my face
but when you get better headed you're
gonna start focusing more on tightening
up all of your muscles and you're gonna
make your skills look cleaner order the
round off and doing the round off into
the back handspring make sure that
you're in line you want I kind of like
do like this like you're shrugging and
you're looking at your hands because if
your head sticks out your back is gonna
arch and your feet probably won't make
it all the way together until you land
and then you're gonna go cook it in your
back handspring I did get that from a
professional coach though so I dunno
what I'm talking about when I'm saying
and he just helped me a ton with my
skills my head is not sticking out of my
arms anymore and I'm being able to go
straight back into the heat back
handspring when you land shrug your
shoulders and try and pop off the ground
I'm still working on this my form still
looks horrible but that's okay
because I'm still trying handstands pop
handstands if you get on your hands and
you pop off your hands that will work
out muscles that we all need to pop off
your shoulders in the back handspring
fast back members networks too
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
make sure to like it if you enjoyed it
and if it helped you bye
you died oh my gosh oh I'm so sorry
y'all oh great you're blurry now let's
fix this problem what happened